{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Udacity\'92s Item Catalog Project\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Full Stack Web Development Nanodegree
\fs36 \

\fs24 By Jacob Pelletier
\fs36 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Project Overview: 
\f0\b0 Develop an application that provides a list of items within a variety of categories. Provide a user registration and authentication system. Registered users should then have the ability to post, edit, and delete their own items. \

\f1\b \
Project Learning Goals: 
\f0\b0 To develop a RESTful web application using Flask and implementing OAuth authentication. You will use CRUD operations. \
\

\f1\b Instructions for Use: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
1. Install Vagrant and VirtualBox if needed\
	a. link to vagrant: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vagrantup.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.vagrantup.com/}}\
	b. Link to VirtualBox: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Download_Old_Builds_5_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Download_Old_Builds_5_1}}\
		i. Install platform package only\
\
2. Clone or download repository\
\
3. Vagrantfile and requirements (pg_config.sh) files added in repository already.\
\
4. once in the command line, \'93cd\'94 to project and proceed to start vagrant machine\
	$ cd projectfolder\
	$ vagrant up\
	$ vagrant ssh\
\
5. Now with vagrant machine running, cd into project file \
	$ cd /vagrant/catalog\
\
6. Initiate database by with database setup\
	$ python dbSetUp.py\
\
7. Populate database with menu categories\
	$ python database_populate.py\
\
8. Run the project file\
	$ python project.py\
\
9. Open browser, and input localhost address\
	http://localhost/5000\
\
10. Start using the application!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Notes On Use:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
1. Categories are populated with the database, however users must populate the categories with specific items\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Things To Improve: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 While the project criteria are met, this application makes no sense in that why would multiple users edit a single menu? Hence the addition of a checkout cart where any registered users can add, edit, and remove items would be more practical. Additionally, only one user should edit the menu items themselves (otherwise there is a sense of too many chefs in the kitchen!). Further improvements on the project will address these issues. }